Add table aws_elastic_beanstalk_environment. closes #157 (#178)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_elastic_beanstalk_environment.md

# Table: aws_elastic_beanstalk_environment

AWS Elastic Beanstalk makes easy for you to create, deploy, and manage scalable, fault-tolerant applications running on the Amazon Web Services cloud.

## Examples

### Basic ElasticBeanstalk Environment info

```sql
select
  application_name,
  environment_id,
  environment_name,
  environment_arn,
  tier
from
  aws_elastic_beanstalk_environment;
```

> ### list of Environments whose AbortableOperationInProgress is set enable

Reviewer: Is this query important?

```sql
select
  environment_name
from
  aws_elastic_beanstalk_environment
where
  abortable_operation_in_progress = 'true';
```

> ### list the Environments whose health is not responsive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List environments whose health is not responsive
```

```sql
select

>   environment_name

Reviewer: application_name,
  environment_id,

>   environment_name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  environment_name
   application_name,
   environment_id,
```

# Table: aws_elastic_beanstalk_environment

> AWS Elastic Beanstalk makes easy for you to create, deploy, and manage scalable, fault-tolerant applications running on the Amazon Web Services cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS Elastic Beanstalk helps to create, deploy, and manage scalable, fault-tolerant applications running on the Amazon Web Services cloud.
```

## Examples

### Basic info

```sql
select
  environment_id,
  environment_name,
  application_name,
  environment_arn,
  tier
from
  aws_elastic_beanstalk_environment;
```

> ### List environments whose configuration update enable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List environments which has configuration update or application version deployment in-progress 
```

```sql
select
  environment_name,
  abortable_operation_in_progress
from
  aws_elastic_beanstalk_environment
where
  abortable_operation_in_progress = 'true';

> ```

Author: Yes, i think so. Client can get the idea if there is an in-progress environment configuration update or application version deployment that you can cancel.

### List environments whose health is not responsive

```sql
select
  environment_name,
  application_name,
  environment_id,
  health
from
  aws_elastic_beanstalk_environment
where
  health = 'Red';
```

> 

Reviewer: fix the spacing for the remaining queries
